[music]
Dra.
>> [singing]
[music]
>> Oh. All right, y'all. We are live on
this beautiful Monday afternoon. God
bless everybody in the name of Yeshua,
Jesus, the Messiah. I pray you and your
family are super blessed. We have a lot
to talk about today, guys. T a new week.
T is a great new week and is some
exciting signals printing on the chart.
We got to give a big shout out to
everybody in the house right now. First
of all, major shout out to Preparing for
War. [music]
God bless you, man. Shout out to Jay
Becker. Gety M9Q.
Shout out to Latiza Runino who says,
"Yo, and Krypto Clown World, TA7, what's
going on?" Shout out to Vary Frederick.
God bless. What is going on? And big
shot to Splash Films. Ran Fox and
Nightlife. Ant
has a question about the buy bit and the
CBD and the OI.
What's the solution? I'm not sure what
you're asking, but thank you so much for
being here. Shout out to Caleb Ford at
111. Shout out to J Boy Bullish and boys
350 fo. Think Bitcoin will be at 68K.
Very well. May. We'll have to wait and
see. Shout out to Not Knock Quicker.
Shout out to Doc the Goat and probably
on Tilt and Affiliate Marketing 101 with
the French fry picture. What is going
on? [music]
Shout out to Sergio and Daniel CA Prude
and too real for you.
And Dark Sai who says, "What's up?
What's up? What's up? What's up, man?
What's going on? Shout out to the Mike
UL who wants to dump [music] and Victor
Moons. He says, "We're going to the
moon, baby." Victor Moons. Straight to
the moon. Shout out to your side 669.
God bless you. God bless you. God bless
you. All right. Well, let's pop right
into this
chart [music] here. Let's pop right in
to the chart.
Let's take a look at the Bitcoin price
action. Now, we're going to start on the
weekly time frame because we have a
neverbeforeseen
signal right now that we have literally
never seen in the history of Bitcoin and
that is this. We have a bullish
divergence on the weekly chart.
On the weekly chart, we have a bullish
divergence
and it is happening at a time in the
cycle which it has never happened
before. Now, if we go back to history
and look at the Bitcoin cycles, we can
see that after the all-time high at
about 365 days later, all right, I I
have here the Bitcoin all-time history
and we're analyzing the last three
Bitcoin cycles, we hit the all-time high
and then exactly 365 days later, we
bottom out at around the 786 Fibonacci.
It happened back in 2014. It happened
back in 2019. It happened back in 2022.
And here's the thing, it's not scheduled
to happen now until October
October
2026.
Yet, we are printing a historic signal.
Because here's the thing, not only
has Bitcoin never printed a bullish
divergence at this early in the bare
market, but besides last bare market
bottom, Bitcoin had never printed a
bullish divergence before. These bottoms
were simply characterized by oversold
momentum waves. Oversold momentum wave.
Oversold momentum wave. It's not until
2022 that we started to see the coveted
uneven butt cheek pattern on the weekly
time frame where as the price is getting
lower into key support, [music] the
momentum waves are getting higher over
time, giving us the coveted uneven butt
cheek pattern. Big and juicy on the
left, gravy ravioli just flowing out of
the cheek. And of course on the right
side, nice and skinny like the waitress
at the diner. You know the waitress I'm
talking about. She's real skinny and she
has a raspy voice and a little bit of a
Brooklyn accent over here. She kind of
sounds like Donald Trump a little bit.
Her name's Dolores. Hey Jason, how you
doing hun? Looking skinny. [music] Is
your wife feeding you at home? I tried
to explain to Dolores. Look, I'm trying
to bulk up here Dolores. I want to I'm
trying to eat on a caloric surplus
trying getting jacked and stacked and
succulent.
But you always know how to ruin a man's
self-esteem when he comes into the
diner. We are seeing that currently
confirmed on the weekly time frame right
now. Dolores is coming out offering us
some pancakes. And we all know that if
you take simple carbohydrates and then
pour more simple carbohydrates on top in
the form of high fructose corn syrup and
then put soybean oil partially
hydrogenase on top of that in the form
of [music] mar drying.
It's going to lead to some elevated
levels if you know what I mean. It's
going to lead to some elevated level.
And the question is I mean are we about
to see those elevated levels now or are
we still okay? Cuz we're not that old
yet. But we're still in our 30s. I don't
know. People are having those elevated
levels earlier and earlier nowadays.
Now, we're going to analyze this because
right now, like I I I personally believe
that we have
here's I'm just going to give it to you
straight, guys. I think that we still
have
another drop. That's just what I feel in
my bones. I just feel it in my bones.
Now, I'm open to the possibility that
the bottom's in, but here's what I think
is more probable, and I made a video
about this yesterday. [music] I think at
the most, maybe we can get a move up to
here
to the top of this local range and then
drop into the box for the real bottom
and then bam. And honestly, what I think
is more probable is something like this.
We stay in the range, we dip down, we
stay in the range, and then eventually
this turns into an accumulation range,
[music] and we get our move out, right?
I I think probably what's going to
happen is people going to get whipsawed
back and forth here, and we need a
little bit more time to form a a nice
looking accumulation range where we can
get a nice shoulder, [music] head,
shoulder like we had last time. you
know, right now potentially, you know,
maybe you could say maybe we're forming
a shoulder. And if we make a higher high
up here, we could come down and make a
another shoulder and this could be our
head. That's one possibility. But
another way to look at this is a little
bit more of a prolonged sticking with
the fouryear pattern here. The prolonged
pattern, which I would prefer, is
something like this. Shoulder, head,
shoulder,
and then we pump. And I the reason why I
would like this is because for me
personally, I'm only one-third of my
USDT on spot into Bitcoin. And I would
prefer another drop to the downside. And
this bullish divergence does concern me
a little bit.
It does. I'm not going to lie. This is
very bullish. Also, the twoe time frame
bullish divergence. Again, last time we
had this, guys, it was the bottom.
All right. This is a very big bottom
signal. the very least I have to say at
the very least guys I have to say that
if I wasn't in Bitcoin at all I would
definitely be DCAing in right now like
honestly [music] um because here's why
number one we are we are at a discount
right just objectively speaking right
now we're at about a 50% discount from
the all-time high a little bit less 48%
discount from the all-time high all
right so at the very least we're buying
Bitcoin half off if we're if if we're
bullish on the asset it. We're buying it
half price. That's a really good deal.
And then anything else is just bonus,
right? If we do dip down into our green
box of hope and wonder,
then that's just bonus, right? Then we
can DCA even more. But one thing I'd be
a little bit cautious about right now is
missing the boat entirely because again,
I'm not trying to spark any FOMO here,
but this objectively speaking, guys, is
a very bullish signal. And in my mind,
it means one of two things. It means
either the bottom is actually in to
wreck everybody and surprise everybody
or it's a sign that the next big drop
will be the bottom. [music] All right,
we do see it a lot. These high time
frames, they confirm divergences and in
hindsight it means the bottom was in.
But in the moment, you know, next month,
for example, August, September, we might
get a big wick down here, but the
monthly candle still closes back up
around, you know, the mid50s. In
hindsight on the monthly chart, it's
going to look like, oh yeah, this was
the bottom here, right? But if we were
to zoom in that bottom, if especially if
you're leverage trading, has tons of
volatility in there, right? So it in my
mind, this is definitely people always
talk, you know, and I I was a big
proponent of everybody asking me, Jay,
should I buy now? Should I buy now?
Should I buy now? They're asking me buy
the dip. Should I buy? All this area
people said, should I buy? Should I buy?
Should I buy? I said, no, no, no, no,
no, no, no. You don't buy. You don't buy
in the uptrend. Some people do. I don't
know why they do. I honestly I don't
know why people buy in a bull market. I
don't know why people buy all-time
highs. That's dumb.
Now, we've had a 50% correction. You're
getting objectively speaking half off.
Now is a good time to start buying. This
is not financial advice.
This is not financial advice. All right?
When you buy in the uptrend, you might
be buying the top. When you buy in the
downtrend, you might be buying the
bottom. And when you are seeing very
bullish signs like this,
there's a good chance just like when
people were saying, "Should I buy up
here?" And I said, "There's a bearish
divergence on the two week." Why would
you buy at the all-time high of a
bearish diver? It might be the top. You
know, maybe people bought here and they
lucked out. But the people that bought
here, I'll tell you, they're down 50%.
All right, they're patient and wait.
Now's the time, guys.
So, if we do drop down more, my next buy
is under 50K. And then as we come down
toward the 786, that is a big buy for
me. A big old buyer and cheese. Buy a
cheese. We got a buyeroni and cheese.
And guys, I'm in this very scary short
trade right now. As you can see, I've
got about 3.8 8 Bitcoin on the position
26x leverage and uh it's very scary
because it, you know, it's looking like
it's just a big bull flag looking to
pump up and absolutely destroy your boy
Jason Casper.
So, we'll have to wait and see how this
plays out through the course of the
stream. I took this trade at about 12:00
noon and New York was at lunch. It's
been about an hour and a half. I've been
holding this scary trade, man. I'm
scared right now. Can you tell by the
look? All right. Now, let's zoom in a
little bit on Bitcoin here. Um, and see
what's what's going on more locally.
First of all, the daily time frame also
has a quite a bullish signal here. You
know, the fact that the money flow is
curving from the purple into the blue.
The last time we saw that curve,
well, it resulted in a move back up to
the top of this range here. You know,
look at this money flow curve. We get a,
you know, money flow curve.
Money flow about the curve. Now we could
very easily see back up to the top of
the local range. Come to our 4 hour time
frame. This is where things are
consolidating like a mad lady.
We are consolidating like crazy right
now on the 4hour time frame and we are
seeing something very interesting on
market cyb which is a symmetrical
triangle which is actually breaking out
to the upside as we speak. My goodness,
would you look at this?
We have this symmetrical triangle on
market side is currently breaking out.
This is this is actually pretty bullish.
I can't believe what I'm seeing right
now.
This is a bullish thing. We're breaking
out of this triangle on the 4 hour time
frame, the 1 hour time frame. This is
where things continue to get ambiguous.
But yeah, this consolidation, this tight
consolidation on the oscillator, [music]
I mean, we could even pull this
consolidation all the way back to here.
Would you look at that? We could we
could do something like this.
Market cipher B is officially breaking
out of this consolidation bullish
breakout here on the oscillator. This is
typically a harbinger of something
bullish.
that could push us up to $67,000 or
higher on Bitcoin. Now, as we get to the
lower time frames here, we're also
seeing this consolidation. And when you
see consolidation, it means the
divergences are abundant, right? Pretty
much every high we made here had bearish
divergence. This had a bearish
divergence right here. This had a
bearish divergence right here. [music]
Currently, we are printing a bearish
divergence, which is why I have taken
the short trade from here. In fact, the
reason why I'm short from here right
now,4
million on the position is simply
because of this, right? We came up, we
hit this level here
and we wick above and then we close back
below. And if we take a look at the
chart, I mean, we are seeing our good
friend, [music] see, we're seeing the
the momentum coming down as the price is
getting higher. you know, our good
friend, people don't understand, but she
uh often times you'll see because she is
a gymnast, often times she will also
hang upside down from the rafters. Uh
and you will see her like this. And in
fact, if we take the the the the glutius
maximi, [music] all right, which is the
the the plural form of glutius maximus,
at least in the Latin, at least in the
New England Journal of Medicine, uh we
put it on the chart. You you can clearly
see the uh the anatomy here is lining up
perfectly with our trading hypothesis.
The question is, are we going to get
wrecked? I don't know. I honestly don't
know. We'll have to wait and see here.
Like I said, it's been an hour and a
half of holding [music] this big scary
trade. Man, it's really it's honestly
not looking the best here for your boy
Jason Casper over here on the internet
on YouTube.com. Make sure to like,
subscribe, and click the bell.
But yeah, overall
this range eventually is going to break.
If we break to the upside, then we are
dealing with this sideways action here,
guys. If we break to the upside, we're
coming up to around this area.
If we actually break to the downside, I
[music] would say it makes a lot of
sense that we would actually come down
and take out all this liquidity
that we have here, right? People
trailing their stop losses. We have kind
of this ascending channel right now to
be dealing with. And so whichever way
this breaks, if it breaks to the
downside, I would assume that we would
take all this liquidity and come back to
our support resistance flip that we have
right around here. [music] And this
would actually be the area where I would
look for another long trade
to eventually make our way up here. And
the reason why I'm still looking for
more upside even if this breaks down
[music] is because of the confirmed bull
on the weekly, the bullish money flow on
the daily. [music]
And as we speak right now, we're
breaking out of the trend on that 4hour
market cipher B. So I I do think it
makes a lot of sense that we could see
Bitcoin go for that 67 to almost $70,000
level. And if we zoom out even more here
and just remove all these drawings for a
second, the the the more macro sideways
range that we are dealing with here is
this. And so if we're going to reclaim
$67,000, that means we are reclaiming
the high volume node of this range. And
and that basically means we are going to
probabilities are highest that we make
our way to the top of that range. That's
going to be around $75,000
confluence with the Fibonacci pole from
the high to the low. Our golden pockets
coming in around 7374 and then 786 to
77. [music] So we could get vacuum
sucked up to this area quite easily if
we flip $67,000 into support. It will be
a very easy fast move because there is
zero resistance really until we get to
the daily order block. And now that I
look at it, this daily order block is
not even No, it's [clears throat] not
even there. Yeah, there's really no
support or resistance until we're coming
up to the value area high, right? Fast
move down, fast move right back up.
Okay, we're getting some red candales.
Loses ros and espanol, as we say back
home. And Kuba, Los Candales, Roos are
coming in, baby.
Big Dirty Red as he's known colloquially
or Big Daddy Perp as he's known if you
trade with the blue and purple candles
like like your boy does. All right,
so yeah, this is this is a very
significant thing, very significant
place. One more thing that I am
personally aware of guys or planning for
is this. we don't flip 67k into support.
And if we try to break out and then we
come back down below this PC, for me
that's actually a short. That's
absolutely short. Especially if we're
seeing bearish divergence cuz this still
is a downtrend. So for me, that is a
short. That could give us something like
this. All right. This could give us a
beautiful risk-to-reward 4 to one back
down to the range low where either we
form a higher low, right? we really get
our shoulder head shoulder or
we just break down and we get to that
nice big low that we're hoping for
because again we do want the low to come
in within the next few months. It it
would be nicest for everybody here if
the four-year cycle although it's not
going to repeat perfectly. It would be
really nice if the four-year cycle does
rhyme
just a wee little bit.
Just a wee little bit, baby. All right.
All right. Now, we've still been long in
the Casper crew from June 25th. We gave
the long from the exact bottom. All
right. Gave the trade on the 13th of
July [music] from the $62,000 level. So,
we've been in these positions, guys.
We've been raking in the dough in the
Casper Crew VIP Discord. Currently
locked in 36 grand on this trade here,
this long trade. Locked in about another
10 grand on the other long from the 25th
of June. So, up over 40K on these
trades. And oh no, the short trade's
about to get wrecked as we're seeing Big
Daddy Red come on in here trying to
trying to wreck our profits, trying to
take the money away. The market makers
are coming in just to take it away,
baby. But yeah, so pretty much guys, if
I was just a trader
[music] and not a treadmill YouTuber, I
would be looking at at stuff like I
would be looking pretty much at this for
the potential shorts, right? These would
be the short trades I'd be looking for.
And right now, the major long trade I'd
be interested in would be coming down to
take all that liquidity and coming back
down here and then shooting out up to um
well, the PC. I mean, really, we could
use we can really simply just trade this
range like it's a sideways range, right?
If we're looking for trades from the PC,
our main target needs to be value area
low. If we're taking a trade from value
area low, our number one target, target
number one, should I say, needs to be
the PC. If we're shorting from the value
area high, our target needs to be the
back test of the PC, right? Just basic
stuff, right? We flip this into support,
we come up to resistance, we'd look for
the back test, right? That where we
could do look for something like this,
right? We're just keeping it simple. You
got to keep it simple, man. People try
and over complicate everything. I'll
tell you, everything's trying to get so
complicated these days, you know, but
the the more simple you can make
something, the better. Okay, here we go.
Big Daddy Red trying to fight Big Daddy
Green. All right, we got Big Juicy Blue,
Big Juicy Red. Make sure to smash up the
likes. Um,
because we have 600 people in here. And
guys, I have to remember.
Fix it flat. The Fixit Flat BBL. I
remember that. Butt cheek blowout. Guys,
just a quick reminder, Bitbase is giving
away There's a picture of Boyen. Bitbase
is giving away $500 a week to you guys.
All right. So, what that means is if you
sign up to Bitbase using my link, not
only do you get exclusive VIP fees, the
ability to claim up to three $33,500
USDT,
but you also
uh are eligible to win every single week
$500. All right. Also, quick reminder,
KSEX has the lowest fees period,
excellent liquidity, and of course,
Antarctic decentralized exchange with
the lowest fees on a DEX. if you use my
link. And if you want to join the Casper
crew, you can go to Jason
Caspertrading.com to join the community.
All right, so this is where we're at
right now with Bitcoin. And uh this
Wednesday, if I'm not mistaken, is good
old FOMC.
All right, so the 22nd,
it's not FOMC. When is it? When is it?
Oh, it's the 29th. Okay, so it's next
Wednesday, not this Wednesday. Okay, so
very interesting. We're going to get the
next FOMC, the second one with our man
Kevin Walsh.
All right, he better wash his hands
before he comes out on the press
conference and tells us about inflation
and all this stuff. But the deal is,
guys, I mean, the thing is,
um,
ah man, all of these things and we also
have the the clarity act. We have the
clarity act going on. There's a lot of
things that could act as catalysts for
big moves. I want to take a quick look
right now before we look at some other
assets at Micro Strategy.
Let's see how Micro Strategy is doing
here.
[music]
Wow.
Okay. Micro Strategy is still under
resistance.
[music] Let's see what's going on here.
Okay, so Micro Strategy also with a
bullish div on the weekly. Of course, we
have here our potential Bitcoin cycle
bottom symbolized by the green line. So,
here's the deal. Micro strategy.
The reason why I'm looking at this is
because I do believe that if we are
going to have some kind of major bare
market capitulation,
um it probably will involve micro
strategy because there has to be a bare
market villain there. I guess there
doesn't have to be, but we've seen the
bare market villains in the past
like, you know, FTX going down like a
catastrophic crypto event. And right
now, I do believe that if we see a large
drop and and Micro Strategy has to
really sell even more than they have
been, it could cause big capitulation
wicks. And it's just very interesting to
see that we do have this weekly order
block down here at $70.
and even the previous range value area
high golden pocket it just around $50.
Now imagine what would happen if Micro
Strategy starts to sell and we see big
capitulation here [music] that would
line up very perfectly with our entire
thesis with the regular Bitcoin chart
where you know just like previous cycles
we are looking to come down into this
green box around this time that would
line up very very nicely because
strategy dumping would result in a
Bitcoin dump as well. people would be
selling everything. It is pretty amazing
to me just to see the sheer number of
people
who were very bullish on 2026 [music]
for Bitcoin and Micro Strategy. I
remember back in November, December,
people extremely bullish on Bitcoin.
What's interesting is I'd say a lot of
normies were bullish on Bitcoin. Now,
there wasn't that euphoria
that we usually see at the end of a bull
market, but I saw quite a few content
creators from various different genres
of content on YouTube who all of a
sudden started making crypto videos in
at the end of the year. Multiple people,
it was very interesting and they were
very bullish on Bitcoin for 2026. They
were very bullish on Micro Strategy.
[music] And I feel like there was this
wave of people getting bullish at the
very top. And so if these things start
to dump, we could see big capitulation
that could give us the big opportunity
that we would want to see. Uh now the
reason why we want to see that is
because it gives us a good opportunity
to buy low.
Now let's take a look at ETH because ETH
right now is doing something that is
objectively speaking bullish. Okay,
Ethereum has come down to the value area
low of the range that we've been trading
since February 2021 on Bybit inverse
perpetual. This is very significant.
This is not a low time frame level. This
is a high time frame level. We're
talking 5 years plus of price action.
And we've come down and we've done
something very nice here, which is this.
We formed a low the first time at the
value area low. Then in April 2025, we
made a lower low. Now we're making a
higher low. And what we've done is we've
actually closed a weekly candle above
this high volume node. All right. So, we
come down below the high volume node. We
reject. We make a double bottom. Now, we
get a reclaim with last week's candle.
Now, last week's candle, we tried to
come down. We had a strong close above.
Now, the fact that we closed above means
we could very well see ETH get a move
back up to one of two places. Place
number one is we continue in the
downtrend. make a lower high and we
probably see ETH come to the zone I'd
say around our 786 Fibonacci more toward
the 886 cuz cuz all coins Ethereum
usually doesn't respect the golden
pocket like that. So, this is the first
place I'd say we probably could go
having closed above that uh PC. And of
course, if Bitcoin continues to rally
up, uh then yeah, we're going to see ETH
continue to rally up to and we could see
ETH come up to here and either make a
lower low or we would just see ETH now
come and take this high. Now, if
Ethereum really does come up to $2,500,
that is very interesting.
um because then we would see Ethereum
actually switching market structure on
the weekly time frame. Right since
August of last year, Ethereum has been
in a confirmed downtrend, highs, low,
lower high, lower low, lower high, lower
low. If we reclaim $2,500, this is our
first higher high on the weekly. Now,
why is this so interesting? Well,
because notice that Ethereum topped out
before Bitcoin. All right, Bitcoin
topped out here.
Ethereum
basically topped out a few months
earlier, right here. And so perhaps we
see the opposite of that now. Perhaps
the Ethereum low is already in. And
maybe when Bitcoin reaches its bottom,
ETH just simply makes a higher low,
having changed structure. and then we
eventually come back up. This is a very
interesting theory um that I think it
makes a lot of sense because honestly
the truth is
the the the chart looks much more
bullish on ETH than it does for Bitcoin
right now. Not only do we have confirmed
weekly bullish divergences on Ethereum,
but we also have um a reclaim of this PC
with a weekly candle close. I mean there
is nothing really bearish about this
right now. The only thing bearish about
it is that I myself and everybody else
want and hope that we come lower,
right? That's really the only thing
bearish about this right now is that we
all want lower prices for Bitcoin. But
the fact that we bounce perfectly from
value area low, it's a triple bottom and
we're reclaiming this PC. You know, we
got a twoe candle close. How many weeks
left do we have of July?
11 days. We close the July candle,
man. And if we close the July candle
above 2 uh50,
that's that's a bullish engulfing on the
weekly. Would be very interesting just
to see how that plays out. And if we do
get that close, then I would still hope
that Bitcoin comes down, makes another
low. But I wouldn't be surprised if we
don't see ETH back up towards the top of
this range. Right? If we're looking at
the sideways range, this is our clearly
defined high right here. This is our
clearly defined low.
When we lose the range, what used to be
our low now becomes our high, right? We
get the breakout, the back test, and so
now that we're holding this, we could
come back up to the clearly defined
high. It's very interesting.
Only time will tell. Personally for me,
I have not bought any Ethereum.
All the Ethereum that I want, I bought
in 2022 and I didn't sell any up here.
Was that a bad move? I guess it depends
on who you ask. But for me, I'm still
very bullish on Ethereum in general. I'm
not bearish on the asset. I know a lot
of people are starting to get bearish on
Ethereum. I'm personally not.
That's just me. I I do believe we will
see ETH at 7,000 8 10,000 in the future.
And I look at what's happening right now
as just a good sign. We're trading a
clearly defined range.
And I mean, I guess you could say the
actual low of the range would be around
$800, $900. But to me, this only a
matter of time until this thing breaks
to the upside. And so, yeah, the
Ethereum that I bought in 2022, I'm I've
still got it and I'm I'm still holding
it. So, [laughter]
let's see what happens with it. It's
it's a doover. How often does the market
give you a doover? You know, market
gives you a doover. You buy in November
2022,
right around here.
Right? You hold all the way up, you hold
all the way down, market gives you a
doover. You hold all the way up, you
hold all the way down, market gives you
a doover. I mean, eventually I think
this thing is going to break out. And
that's when I do plan to sell my
Ethereum.
So, we have 11 days left in the month.
We have a confirmed green dot in the
twoe Ethereum. I mean, the last time we
had a confirmed green dot, we had
another month of upside for ETH, right?
So, even in a pretty bearish situation,
which this was last time, we confirmed
the green dot here and then we had
another two weeks of blue candles before
the big dirty per comes in.
I say, you know, the big difference here
is how many bottoms can you print on the
oscillator
in a row before it's the bottom? I mean,
let's see. Last bare market, it was
three. It was three, right? Three big
bottoms before the bottom was in. So,
let's see what's going to happen here.
Oh no.
Look at this. The Bitcoin price, our
short trade is about to get wrecked.
What the heck? Getting wrecked. Let's
see if Bybit made a lower low. This
looks legit. This looks like this is the
real pump about to happen. Oh my
goodness. It's happening now. It's
happening now, everybody. It's happening
now. Relax, Jason.
Remember, you have to keep your cool
when you're on the internet in front of
other people.
You're right, Jason. Jason, stop talking
to yourself. Okay. All right, let's get
back to it. Yeah. Wow. Money flow
thickening with this bearish dib on the
12minute. Not looking the best here for
downside. Actually looking quite bullish
with the money flow. Let's see if we get
a green dot in the 12. That could be our
ticket to pump city, but we'll have to
wait and see. Oh my goodness.
Big shout to everybody in the chat.
Let's see. Mm Delegate is not shorting
this. Well, I've been short for an hour.
I could have taken profit. 600 bucks ET
is a mess. 10K ETH lol. Yeah, see here's
the thing. Ski Z deer says is laughing
that I say a $10,000 ETH is possible.
This is exactly why ETH is going to
$10,000. Just like when people laughed
at Bitcoin going to $80,000 when we were
at 100 something, people said there's no
way we'll see Bitcoin down there. See,
this is exactly why ETH is going to 10K.
The fact that people have lost faith in
ETH is why it's going to 10K,
you know. So,
how do I take extreme entries?
I plan for these things. I mean, you
know, I could have taken money on this
short trade. I planned for it. I had a
plan in advance, you know, in the Casper
Crew VIP Discord, right? You you plan
for it. You plan for it, right? Let's
check it out.
Let's check it out. All right.
You plan [music] for it.
That's what you do. You have to plan. If
you want to, if you guys want precise
entries, you got to make a plan. All
right? So, you plan for it. You just
say, "Look, if price comes up to here,
this 65527,
I'm looking for a short trade." All
right? Price comes up. So, I take the
trade. All right? [music]
Take the dang trade. That's how that's
just the way you got to do it. Now, of
course, I'm about to get wrecked on it,
but I had the opportunity to make money
on it, and I didn't take it. Let's see
if BBET took the low. No, BBET did not
take the low. [music]
All right, let's see. Let's check out
orderflow too quick. All right, man.
This is looking real bad for the shorts.
Oh my goodness, I'm freaking out. Can
you guys tell I'm freaking out?
Can you guys tell I'm absolutely just
freaking out?
Oh my goodness, [music] man. There's
nothing worse than
than getting wrecked live on the
internet, man. Now everyone's going to
know how stupid I am. All right, let's
see.
Um
Oh my goodness. This weird thing just
flew up my nose and I blew it out. It
was a weird like dandelion hair.
Dandelion hair is going up the nose,
baby. Man, that tickled me. Tickled the
old nostrils.
Yeah, I don't really see anything too
crazy here on the order flow. I just see
that shorts opened up, then some longs
opened up. Uh, all right. Let's see.
Let's see how this is going to play out
here. Oh my. Oh, man. Look at that.
We're coming up to the entry. I'm just
losing money like crazy here. [music]
ETH about to break out from bull flag.
Um,
wise man once told me, if you fail to
plan, you plan to fail. Well, here's the
thing. I plan to fail, which means
wait a second. That doesn't quite make
sense.
Doesn't quite make sense. But thank you
so much, Christopher Kirkpatrick. Oh
man.
Oh man, things are about to get real
serious.
You guys hear this seriousness?
Uh uh. Oh [music] crap, things about to
get serious. Jay Casper shorten is the
man delirious. Have to go pee so bad
[music] and take a piss in the trees.
Listen to the snake whisper his piss. He
says long the top and short the bottom.
Market makers coming in. Can you spot
them? [music] Next thing I know, we
failed to [singing] take profit. We only
take a screenshot. Can you or no? You
[music] a massive green candle. I'm
getting wrecked and I can't even handle
the bad smell of my dirty old sandals.
Walking on the treadmill. [music] We got
a green candle. Jay Casper in the house.
Shorting Bitcoin. What an ounce. [music]
Oh man, I don't have an ounce of brain
cells left in my head. Just pounce like
the cat cuz they're sitting on the
couch, baby. Go to the gym, [music] son.
Don't be a slouch, baby. Can we take the
profit? Maybe. But we're looking like we
knew it. And we're itching. We got
babies. Yeah. Hopefully we don't [music]
back down. I was smiling but now your
boy got a frown cuz I'm in the red. My
green [music] trade ended up dead
1.8%
$117. Man, your boy is so bent. And then
we climb the fence because [music] we're
looking like our name is Mike Pence. We
got Mike Pence. Donald Trump with
Camala. The Bitcoin [music] about to
dump to Valhalla. Uh and I don't even
know what that means. So sit back market
makers. [music] Give me extra cheese.
Ah, J Cash, we're in the house. We're
trying to short this Bitcoin bounce. But
oh snap, [music] we got to take a peek.
Does market cipher be have any uneven
butt cheeks? We pulled a bid from the
high to the low. J Casper, look out
below. Bitcoin [music] back to her old
tricks. We just got rejected from the
786. The 786. Come on, baby. [music]
Please dump it down so I could make the
cheese. I have to tell my wife something
that [music] pleases her. Like I made
the money and I didn't lose. Now we're
coming back. Purple cables coming in.
Market [__] give me flack. I got to
take it back cuz I'm talking smack.
Hopefully my trade [music] stays over,
man. This is so whack.
Getting so dang serious. But now,
but now
Oh man. Let's see what happens here.
Oh my goodness.
We're flipping my entry into resistance.
[music]
All right, let's see what happens here.
Come on, baby. We need this. We need a
red dot on the one minute. That's our
only hope.
Red do that on the one minute.
It's our only [music] hope.
What happened for all that seriousness?
Well, the beat changed. That's what
happened. That's what happened. The beat
changed.
Why is Jason yelling?
Haven't you Have you not seen what's
happened here in the past
3 minutes?
Have you not seen what's happened here
in the past three minutes? Come on,
Bitcoin. We're forming a range. Let's
see. You know what? My target is taking
the lows here. We're going to take the
lows. Let's take the lows, baby. Let's
take the lows, baby. 1 minute. Look at
the one minute money flow coming out.
Let's check out the 12,
man. Look at that. Come on. This is the
It's the last hope. Oh no, we're turning
green again. Give me one second, guys.
[music]
>> [music]
>> All right, guys. This is actually bad. I
coming back hoping to see a hoping to
see a massive juicy red candle, but
instead I see big dirty green coming in.
That's right. Green is dirty when you're
short, baby. Of course, we're also long,
so it's all good in the hood. But let's
wait and see what happens here. Let's
wait and see what happens here, guys.
You know,
got to wait and see. Big shout out to
everybody in the chat, by the way. God
bless you all. [music]
God bless you all.
Let's actually wait and see what happens
here,
cuz this could actually give us a dump
back down to the bottom of the range.
All right, rejected, bro. It's bearish
like a
Okay, [music]
he's ammonating the lawn. No.
What's the take profit on this short
trade? Um, well, honestly, my initial
idea for a take profit on the short
trade was coming back to around $65,000,
you know, to fill some of this nonsense
here, [music]
here. That's that was actually my real
idea. But this this 12minute money flow
is it's got me freaked out here. But,
you know, look, we had a we had a
six-minute bear dip. We had a 12-minute
bear div. We have a 24-minute bear div.
[music]
I mean, the 24-minute is from back here.
So, let's see. This This honestly
starting to look like a bull flag.
Freaking me out, man. Freaking me out.
All right. Let's see. Freaking me out.
Um,
yeah.
Don't tell me that's you. Water your
trees. Yes, I'm peeing on the trees, not
on the lawn. [music] All right. Uh, I'm
gonna the the gamer X here says I'm
gonna take a short trade on Bitcoin at
63,900. My liquidation at 66700. [music]
What are we at now? Wait, you're going
to take a short at 63,900.
Oh, you did take a short trade. O,
that's not good, man. I hope you don't
get liquidated. Why are you still in the
trade? You you shorted 639.
When When did you short that?
Over here on July 17th.
Yesesh,
bro. We flipped your entry into support
big time on the 4 hour and got a double
bottom.
If I were you, I would close the trade.
But hey, this is not financial advice.
you're already about to lose a ton of
money. But I mean,
man, I'm sorry to hear that. All right,
I am sorry to hear that. All right,
let's see what's going to happen now.
[music] Let's see what's going to happen
now. Bitcoin,
man. We're in the red.
We are in the red on the short trade,
baby. All right, man. We could have we
could have locked in $600 during this
stream, but now we're about to lose it
all.
sure tomorrow or Wednesday.
Prime says, "Bro is sweating. I can
tell." Bro, I'm legit sweating right
now. You could see it on my forehead.
Look at the hair.
I am legit sweating. You could tell. I
mean, I've got a Wow, my hair looks kind
of good this way. What do you guys
think? You know, no homo. What do you
think,
man? Jake Casper pretty fly for a white
guy. What could I say? I'm legit
sweating it hardcore right now, mis
amigos. I mean, it's not every day that
I I get wrecked live on the Oh my
goodness. We're making a higher high.
Oh my goodness. Let's go to Let's go to
um our weekly time frame real quick. Oh,
we got a TW a green a green dot. All
right, let's see. I'm legit sweating it
here, but hang on.
Let's see. Where's our weekly? Our
weekly is here. If we reclaim that
weekly, I got to get out. I've got to
get out, honestly.
[music]
Yeah. For me, this is really the line in
the in the sound in the sound is 65682.
65 682. Oh,
we're sweating it. We are sweating it
hard.
We are sweating it hard.
Look at this. Look at this.
Oh my goodness. Why did I short? Why did
I short?
Let's take a poll.
Why did I short?
Let's take a poll in here.
>> [music]
>> Let's see. [music] See what you guys
say.
All right, this is our last chance,
guys. It's our last hope.
This is our last hope. It's not looking
that great. Let's go ahead and put a
little bit of a thing here, too.
Wow. Look, CDW the high. Did Did Did Bet
do that? No, Bett didn't do that.
Always trust Bibbit, guys. Never trust
these other exchanges, you know. [music]
Wow. I'm blocking the screen.
I'm blocking the screen.
All right. I ate too much [__] slop
probably, man. [music]
Man, I got to clean up my diet. I got to
clean up my diet, guys. I'm not even
lying. I am lying. There's no way I
could possibly clean up my diet. My diet
is so clean right now. There's literally
nothing I could do to clean it up. I
can't think of a single thing I could do
to clean up my diet right now.
I can't think of a single thing that I
could do right now to clean up my diet.
I can't think of a single thing. I'm
trying to think of Okay, the the the
most unclean thing I ate was on the 4th
of July. I had corn on the cob that
[music] probably wasn't organic,
so it was probably covering glyphosate.
It was GMO.
Other than that,
that's the most unclean thing I've eaten
was corn. Corn on the cob.
It's the most unclean thing I've eaten
since like
probably [music] like April.
So,
I don't know. But they do say the go
slop can stay in your head for a long
time. They say it has a halflife of 1
year. So [music] that means in April
it'll be half gone. It's affecting my
decision still.
Um
where do I see the TP of my short? I
don't know. Right now I just want it to
go into the green.
Right now I just want to go into green.
Okay. honest TP of my short is really
just coming back down to the bottom of
this bull flag here to around $65,000 to
fill this right fill this um this fair
value gap that we have here. I'm really
looking just to come down to here, you
know? That's what I'm looking at for
TP1,
you know. So, let's see. Let's see.
Let's see.
Shout out to Bad Axe 23 who says just
like me, they'll be shocked if the
bottom's [music] in. But it is looking
bullish. But you know what? Do I grind
my own grapes?
No. No, I don't grind my own grains. But
I have grown my own oatmeal. I have
grown my own oatmeal.
Um I've grown my own oatmeal. I
harvested it with a sickle. With a
sickle.
I threshed it in the driveway with a
rake and boots and I separated the wheat
from the chaff with a fan and I put it
into a 5gallon bucket and I I just kept
it as the oat gros.
Uh I actually I guess I did put some in
the food processor to try and chop it up
a little bit.
But yeah, I don't usually grind my own
grains. All right. I don't I don't
It's obvious that I'm pumped up on
roids. You're right. [music]
It's obvious.
Um,
shout out to NiS UK drum and bass.
Really? You've not been able to type in
chat for a few weeks? [music] I'm glad
it's sorted out, too. I saw a video
about glyphs being all over our bread.
Yeah, if you live in America, there's
glyphosate all over your bread if you
buy it from the store.
Um,
yeah, grow your own food, guys.
Honestly, that's the way to go. Let's
see. Do I have my own food here?
Yeah, grow your own food, guys. [music]
All right, on the Casper clan, we grow
our own food over here. All right, we
grow it.
We grow it. We harvest it. We freeze it.
We can it. We dehydrate it. We [music]
process it. All right, here's a broody
hen right now. Hopefully, this broody
hen, she's still broody.
Hopefully, next week we have some little
baby peeps running around [music] back
there, you know.
Here's one of our roosters.
His name is Peanut Buttercup. This
rooster's name is Peanut Butter Cup.
Don't worry, I powerwashed the chicken
coop since this photo was taken. You
know, I powerwashed it. Let's see what
happens with the short. Oh, man. We're
still We're still in the red, but who
knows? Maybe there's a little bit of
hope. All right. Maybe there's a little
bit of hope. Uh
your mom's in the hospital. Well, I do
pray in the name of Yeshua that your mom
is completely healed.
I hope everything works out for you as
well. Yeah, you could grow your own
chickens.
Do I have fruit trees? Do I have any
fruit trees? [music] Absolutely. In this
field right over here, I have 16 apple
and peach trees. Then on the other side,
I've got
1 2 3 4 5 [music] 6 7 eight minus two
six fruit trees on the other side. So 16
+ 6 is 22, I guess. So yeah, I got 22
fruit trees. [music]
Um,
let's see. Let's see. How many chickens
does it take to mine a Bitcoin? I don't
know the answer to that. Come on,
Bitcoin. Let's see what's going to
happen here. What is going to happen
here, Bitcoin? I don't mean to be
annoying, but I want to know. Bitcoin,
stop going boing boing.
We're going to check here.
[music]
We We could get a move back down to the
bottom of this range. Let's check out
the order flow and see what's going on
here. [music]
H
I don't even know. I don't know what
this I don't know how to I don't know
what this means. I'm just going to have
to hope,
you know.
Dehydrated apples are so awesome.
Would I rather have more chickens on my
farm or add cows? Well, I don't think
I'll ever add cows [music]
because cows are too big and they
require too much pasture. I'd rather
have miniature dairy goats. Um, [music]
so probably more chickens for sure cuz I
eat a lot of eggs and I eat a lot of
chicken. Um, yeah, but right now we're
kind of on a little bit of a chicken
shortage over here on the Casper Farm
cuz
I haven't actually purposefully got more
chickens in like since 2024.
So, at one point we had 45 chickens
here. Now we have seven hens and two
roosters. So, they've gone down quite a
bit. But, you know what? That's right
now they're giving us about seven eggs a
day,
which is pretty much perfect for us.
Seven a day.
So, but yeah, I do want to get more. And
if when I do have more, look, I give
away my extra eggs. [music] So, if you
guys are ever in the area, you need some
eggs,
let me know. I'll hook it up. [music]
I'll hook it up.
Did Fruit Loom have a cornucopia when I
was growing up? I think it did. I I
think Fruit of the Loom did have a
cornucopia of the fruits coming out.
Let's check this out. Fruit of the loom
logo. I I think so. I think I remember
the one on the left here,
right? I Yeah, I'm pretty sure. I'm
pretty sure I remember it looking like
this.
Yeah, I'm pretty sure I remember it
looking like this.
Why is that no longer the thing? Is that
no longer the case? Look, nothing's what
it used to be. All right? Like,
literally nothing's what it used to be.
So, [music] like,
I don't know. Nothing's what it used to
be.
One of the chocolate bars in Willy Wonka
has changed. [music] Is that true?
Uh-oh. Okay. Here we go. We're pumping
up. This is very key. This is very
crucial. This is very key and very
crucial here. [music] This is very key
and very crucial.
Looks like we're just going to pump
right through it. All right. Pump right
through. Look at this. We're down $800.
Let me hear you holler.
I'm going to have to close this trade,
man.
If we make If we keep going up, I'm
going to have to close this trade. Oh,
man.
Oh my goodness.
Oh my. This is the last hope here. Last
hope for the short.
Let's see. This is a key level. Very key
level.
What's the Mandela effect? It's where
that they edit they edit the they edit
the past somehow. They can edit the
past, right?
So like everyone remembers something but
then it's never been that way, right?
Like what's the famous one?
>> Nelson Mandela died in prison. Everyone
remembers [music] that. But then it
turns out he never died in prison.
What's another one? The the famous Star
Wars line where Darth Vader says, "Luke,
I am your father." He never actually
said that. Darth Vader never said that
to Luke. What's another one? The
Baronstein Bears.
Everyone remembers the Baronstein Bears.
It's actually the baron stainbears, not
steeen. They changed the past. All
right.
That's what
do I eat? Chocolate bars before
workouts? Heck no. I don't eat anything
before a workout. I don't eat anything
before a workout. I always lift weights
fasted with no food in my system for at
least at least 12 hours, preferably more
like 14 15 hours. I don't eat and then I
train. That's how I prefer it. I'm not
big into eating and then lifting.
It's not how I roll. Doesn't Doesn't
mean it's the best thing to do. It's
just not how I roll.
All right, this is our last hope. Come
on, red candle to sniff the sandal.
We're down 700 bucks, guys. Look at
this. Look at this.
Yeah, CERN. Some people say CERN did it,
you know. Who knows? It's a little bit
concerning.
Who knows?
All right. Come on, Biddy. itty bitty
because of parallel universes.
Yeah, 70k is probably the next [music]
target.
Um, I will die on the Baron Stain Bears
Hill. You have no idea. Okay, so you you
always remember Baron Stain.
Okay. All right, then. Look, it's Baron
Stain, not Baronstein. I don't know.
That kind of stuff is very strange to
think about.
you know.
>> Oh man, look at this big bounce we're
getting now,
man. This is crazy.
This is crazy.
The Kit Kat logo had a hash in the
middle and there's a video to prove it.
Okay, interesting.
Chris Martinez says it's going to drop.
Don't worry. Okay. Dread Mining says
67K. That would be our next target.
I have too much money to lose to short
here. Am I wrong? Yeah, you're wrong.
[music] You're wrong.
You're wrong.
I don't have that much money to lose
here.
I This is not So, first of all, I'm I'm
long from
the bottom from June 25th. That trade is
up right now about 35K 40K if you
include my TP1. [music]
This trade here is up
36K realized, 18K unrealized.
All right, so we're up like 50K over 50K
on this one. I'm risking like $1,000 on
this short trade. So, it's not really a
big deal.
But it is fun to pretend like it is on
the internet because look man, there's
one thing people love to see is people
losing money and another thing people
love to see is people making money. But
uh people like both people like losing
and making what happened to my playlist
here.
This this is a good playlist.
Isn't this a good playlist?
What was that serious song? that serious
zone.
It'll come eventually.
[music]
Yeah, but this is a key level. Like the
reason why I'm short here is because it
is
it is a potential short that I I've
planned for and I do see some
divergences here. As time goes on,
they're looking less likely to play out.
I could have taken a $600 profit on
this, but for me, it wasn't even worth
it. It wasn't even worth it. I I want it
to come down to 65K. We might not get
that. All right. So, let's see what
happens. Let's see what happens here.
[music] Um,
you lost 10 shorts since your long. I
have [music] lost I have officially lost
one short since my two longs. [music]
So, all right. Here we go. Come on,
baby. We need a dumperoni.
>> [music]
>> We need a little bit of a dumperoni.
So, let's see. Can we
see if I [music] can Am I even I don't
know if I'm logged into this one here.
Aha, I am. All right. So, I'm also in a
short. So, I'm in two shorts. This
short's down three grand. I've capped it
at a $4,000 risk.
[music] This short, I'm going to cap it
at a $1,000 risk. So, okay, I have lost
$2,500
in a short here that again I could have
taken profits on, but I'm kind of just
hedging. Over here,
I have
lost this $4,000 short. So, I've lost
$6,000. All right. Before that, I locked
in 18 plus 65 grand. [music] So, let's
just say it's 80 grand minus 6, so 74
grand. [music] And then, of course, I've
got this $36,000 profit open. [music]
And then, I've locked in 36 grand on
here. So, all in all,
I've lost, let's consider, four shorts.
[music] Four shorts,
I guess, even though two of them are
still open. These shorts might play out,
though. Maybe they play out. But let's
wait and see. Let's wait and see
what happened to the 100K song. It's
[music] still here.
But uh right now we're short.
Dumperoni conqueso. Let's see. Let's Can
you imagine if this trade plays out?
This will be the most epic
thing in the world if we held it. If we
were up $600, we were down like what
were we?
What were we down? $700? I don't
remember. And then we come back down and
we're making money. That would be crazy.
Here we go, baby. This our last hope.
We're rejecting from 65 682
and 1 and 10 cents here and 10 cents.
If you see volume on the hour, don't use
volume. Not [music] really. I don't
really use volume. Not too much. Let's
see.
[music] You like death metal playlist
more?
No, I'm not bored. That's not why I open
the short. I didn't open the short
because I'm bored. I opened the short
because I planned to open the short and
I saw my confirmations and and we just
never hit my target. And we also haven't
hit my invalidation. So, it's still
open, right? I I at least want to hit
$65,000 to come and fill this [music]
little support resistance flip that we
have right here. Right? I want to come
down and back test this is going to be
my my target one right around 65K.
But for me, like as long as we're not
pumping up above the weekly, it's still
a valid trade. So, I wasn't bored. I had
a confirmation at a level and I uh we
never hit my target or my or my
invalidation.
You know,
you just signed up to BitBase. Where's
your 32,000? Well, you're automatically
eligible for $500 a week. Check back
Wednesday for that. And here's how you
can get your 32,000.
First of all, up to $2,000 20% deposit
cash back. You can get up to a $1,500
signup bonus by completing various tasks
and up to a $30,000 trading volume
bonus.
And they'll give you these real Tether
coins. Just kidding. They will airdrop
USDT into your account.
Come on, Bitcoin. Can we get a little
bit of a red kandale?
Can we get a little bit of a red
kandale?
>> [music]
>> a red kondale. Guys, make sure to like,
subscribe, click the bell. Um,
66.3 rejection.
Okay, maybe maybe that I don't have a
level there, but maybe. Shout out to B
barf
bar Kumar.
100K by Saturday, 1 p.m. I thought it
was by 3 p.m.
Here we go. We're coming back down to
the level, baby. Bitcoin all base and no
trouble. [music]
Back down to the level. All base and no
trouble. Back down to the level.
[singing]
[music and singing]
>> [music]
[music]
>> We're We're We're We're getting a little
drippy droop drop. [music] A little
drippity droop drop drizzle.
A little drippity droop drop drizzle,
baby.
Ain't nothing like a little drippity
droop drop drizzle.
drip drop drizzle.
[music]
Here we go, baby. Back down to the
entry. Now, now, now, you know, we might
just come down here and [music] do this,
right? We might retest this, but if not,
we're coming back down to 65K.
Come on, itty bitty. 65K. That is the
way. [music]
Make sure to smash the likes, baby.
Yeah, guys, make sure to smash the
likes. All right. It's been a slow
season for crypto you us crypto
YouTubers. You know what I mean? It's
been a slow season for us crypto
YouTubers.
Yeah. 6-minute bear divs. Yeah, we've
had we've had the divs on the chart.
Let's check it out. 12minute bear div
money flow thickening.
Six minute bear div money flow thinning.
Yeah, double drive of bear div on the
six. Come on, baby.
Three minute bear div money flow
thinninging
the weekly level. Come on weekly [music]
the eeky weekly. Put a one in the chat
if you remember the eeky weekly. The
only the OGs will remember that dread
mining 24 minute red dot 15 minute three
drive a bear div. Come on baby.
You have a long from 64.3.
Should you take some profits?
I mean, I can't answer that question for
you. You you you have to have known that
before you take the trade. I can't
answer the question for you. I don't
know what your riskreward is. I don't
know all these different things. I can't
know. You know, look, in order to answer
that question, here's what you got to
do. All right? [music] Here's what you
got to do. You got to go to
Jason Casper's YouTube channel. All
right? Go to Jason Casper's YouTube
channel. Go to playlists. All right?
[music] and go to the Jason Casper free
trading course. All right. Now, when
you're here, go to the number one, the
number second video, the number second,
how to use risk management to become
profitable.
All right. This will answer the question
for you, my man. All right. It's a free
course, 18 sessions. It's totally free.
People would literally charge you $2,500
for less information than this. It's
totally free. All right. Go check it
out.
It will answer the question. Oh no.
You know, right now I'm asking the
question, should I close this trade? Oh,
don't worry, Jason. You've already taken
Jason Casper's free course. You know the
answer. Do I have a video on Market
Cipher B strategy? Are you kidding me?
Go to the Jason Casper YouTube channel.
Go to playlists
and go to the market cipher tutorials.
And what do you know? We've got
ourselves 18 Market Cipher B tutorials.
Oh my goodness. Wow. Jason Casper has it
all. I mean, how could you not subscribe
to this YouTube channel,
you know?
I even have a day trading full guide,
which I never finished because I was too
lazy. All right, I do need to finish it
though, but it's free. All right, it's
the tropical paradise version of the day
trading course. All right, the tropical
paradise version.
All right, where a half naked man in
tropical paradise teaches you the
secrets of the charts that the market
makers don't want you to know. All
right, start here.
>> Start here. All right.
Yeah, I got to finish this. I'll finish
it in 2028 even though it says 2026. You
know what I'm saying?
Okay, we're coming back down to the
entry.
Yeah, 70K is definitely a possible
target. Absolutely. Absolutely it is.
It absolutely is.
Do I have any discounts for market
ciper? No, I don't. Oh, can you guys do
this with your arms?
I don't think so. I don't think anyone
can do this except for me.
No volume. These will retrace. If not
here will be higher. Yeah. Do we have
how's the volume? Let's check out the
volume.
227 million at the high. Let's go to the
15-minute [music]
chart.
2 billion up here. We have a volume
divergence, right? two two billion on
the first high, 500 million on the
second high. So, we got a quarter of the
volume. A little bit of a volume dev
here. Let's see what happens.
How many kilometers do I cover walking?
Well, as an American, I don't know what
a kilometer is. All right. Yeah, we're
waiting for the serious music.
Seriously. Seriously. Um, [music]
seriously,
we wait for the serious music, guys.
We're almost back in the green.
We're almost back in the green, baby.
Let's see. Let's see. Let's see.
You need a guide to get back to your
mom's house and trade in her garage.
[music] Here's how you can live in your
mom's garage like I do. First of all,
you need to get liquidated
seven times and ask your mom for money
each time. Now, here's the thing that
your mom's going to try the tough love
thing and she's going to say, "Jason,
you have to get out of here. You have to
get a real job." But moms just can't do
that. That's the thing. Moms can't do
it. Moms are all pushovers. Moms are
pushovers. So, just get liquidated. All
right. You You borrowed so much money
from your mom. She said, "Look, Jason,
look. Just come live in my garage."
Right. Yeah. It's a little bit dirty
back there.
It's a little bit dirty back there. Is
this a green screen garage?
Is that garage a green screen? Do you
guys see that? Is my garage a green
screen?
What do you guys think? Is my garage a
green screen?
You can never tell what's real or fake
on the internet here, guys. [music] You
know, anything can be faked here on the
internet. My garage is all AI. It's an
AI garage.
It's a garage. [music] AI.
Is there any reason why I did another
video series with the same information?
Yes, there's a few reasons for it. J MZM
9528.
What do I have back there? I have an old
bassinet.
I have an old bassinet
for a newborn baby, which will never be
used again. I don't know why I still
have it. I've got a whole bunch of old
pillows and stuff shoved back here. I've
got a whole bunch of odds and ends back
there. And look at that. It's a green
screen. I've got a shelf
right over here. a nice shelf full of
nothing except for a garbage can lid and
and a little yellow watering can I have
a weed whacker up on on that top shelf.
You know that's that's about what I got.
You know what else? What is that thing?
Oh, it's a car seat. I have an old car
seat back there too for for a child. Um
what [music] else do I got? That's about
it. You know that's about it. This is
it's about it. No cars in this garage,
guys. You know, they all got repoed
after my last liquidation.
Uh,
why am I trading now instead of New York
Open? Well, I do the VIP Discord for New
York Open, the VIP live stream. I make
my plan on New York Open, but I don't
necessarily take a trade on New York
Open, but I like to live stream in the
afternoon.
I have a big old box of depends. Yeah.
[music]
Yeah. Opening ahead short because we
tapped the weekly. Yeah, that's why I'm
in this short now.
I seem low on plungers. The only plunger
I have is this one, and it's broken. I
have more upstairs, though. Don't worry.
I have more upstairs.
All right, we're in the green, baby.
Look, we're up 250 bucks.
You know,
I have drywall on my garage ceiling.
That's how I know you're rich.
Yeah, I do have drywall up here.
I'm not sure why I do. That's how I
bought the house.
I didn't build this house. I bought this
house.
You trade during old or old York hours
only.
When's the serious music about to come
on? ETH. We did go over ETH. It's It
does have, you know, I I gave my whole
thesis on Etherum here. Look at this,
guys. We're back in the green, baby.
Come on.
Let's dump this Bitcoin straight down.
Let's dump it straight down.
My first TP on this short, honestly, I
want it to be at $65,000. [music] I want
my first TP to be right around here.
That's what I want my first TP to be. Of
course, when I took the trade,
I didn't really want to risk more than
$2,000 max, but really, I was saying
$1,000 is where I [music] would risk. I
gave myself a very loose stop loss. Jik,
let's see. That'd be a pretty bad risk
of reward now, but that's okay. I would
still take the trade. I would still take
the profit and then let it run a run. I
would take the profit and let it run a
run is kind of what I'm going for now.
Yeah, this would be my first TP just to
fill the fair value gap. Support
resistance flippity flip-flop.
Support resistance flippity flop. Share
some husband as a Share some wisdom as a
husband and a father. I don't know. I
can't give any advice.
I can't give any advice.
Make sure you marry a good woman. That's
all I can say. I married a good woman. I
I I don't know what to say. I don't have
any advice.
My wife's amazing.
Yeah, you got to let the runner run.
[music] As a father, all you got to do
is be there. Just be there. Try not to
spend all your time trading. It's a
difficult balance. But yeah, the more
you can be there for your kids, the
better.
[music]
What percent do you take on TP1? It
really depends. Our pink, it depends on
the plan, right? It depends on the plan.
I like to not TP1 until I make more
money than I initially risked.
In this instance, I wouldn't be doing
that. Um
because well, we came up a little higher
than I thought we were going to.
But um
yeah, in general, a good rule of thumb
is make sure to take out more money than
you risked on the initial trade.
Where did I find my wife? At church.
[music]
That's where you gotta find that's where
you got that's where you find the good
women, guys. All right. You're not gonna
find them at the bar. I'll tell you
that. Not gonna find them at the club.
All right.
Does BB28 have a sister? She does, but
she's also married. So, I'm sorry.
BB28, she's got married sister.
I'm so short. My hair got caught in my
shoelaces. I've had that happen before.
Oh no, we're about to pump, baby.
We're about to pump.
Man, what time is it? is 20 to 3. My
time is 20 minutes to three. Speaking of
being a good father, I've got a date
with my kids at three. In 20 minutes. I
hang out with my kids in 20 minutes.
Yeah, man. I was really hoping we'd have
some some nicer volatility.
Is my wife [music] faithful? She's the
most faithful woman I think I've ever
seen in my life.
She's a gem, I tell you. She's a real
gem.
[music]
We've been married for 12 years. 12
years. That's crazy, man. I'm such an
old man. It's It's so strange. I could
talk about things that happened decades
ago, 20 years ago,
and I was still pretty old. I was still
pretty old 20 years ago.
All right, here we go. We're starting to
get the drop. We're getting We're
getting the drippity droop drop, baby.
Do you have to be 18 to join the VIP
server? Heck no.
You know,
now when I'm trading, my wife is
in the homeschool room, teaching our
children, cuz that's what she does.
She's the best. The only thing I teach
our kids is Hebrew
and guitar.
Shout out to Bro Joan, 41 years old.
That's basically what I am. I'm about to
be 36. I consider myself 40. I'm 40.
[music] For all intents and purposes.
Yeah. If I feel old, imagine how Boyan
feels. I know. Where's Boyan? Yeah. But
here's the thing. Boyan age has aged
well. Look at the size of those biceps.
Look at the size of those biceps. You
know, Boyan's aged well. You know, it's
the diet. [music] It's the diet. It's
the two pizzas a day and all the
caffeine. People don't know this, but if
you're going to eat high fat, high carb
all day while you're sitting in front of
a chart, the caffeine offsets all of
that. Offsets all the blood sugar
problems and all that. [music]
You know,
[music]
if you're 16, Johnny HSV, that's
amazing, man. 16year-olds,
man. I wish I could say what I'm
thinking, which is I wish I could just
give everybody under 18 free access to
the VIP, but I can't do that because
people would lie about their age. But I
wish I could because man, if you're 16
years old right now and you're learning
this stuff, when you're my age,
I you're going to just you're gonna be
set. [music] You're gonna be set, man.
and to go through all the learning and
the trial and the error and the and and
the journey and the experience of
becoming a trader at 16 [music]
when you're 20.
I mean, you're going to be set, man. If
you really put the work into it, when
you're 25, you're set. When you're my
[music] age, 40, you're set, man. You
know, honestly, if I could go back in
time to high school age, I would like
put all my work and effort into learning
this.
Like, what a cool thing to learn, right?
Yeronosaurus is 16. See, exactly.
Everyone will be 16.
Well, here we go. We're finally starting
to get our dumperoni. You know what?
Here's the here's the reality, guys. To
be totally honest,
there's a really good chance [music]
that we do this,
right?
We took the first high,
now we take the first low and get a
reversal. This is this is like a really
like common pattern that we'd see here.
I would prefer to come down more, but I
have to be prepared for this uh over
here. Okay, we have some decently
bearish divergence here that could take
us down a bit more. [music]
Uh I would like to come back down to the
$65,000 zone.
Yeah, who knows if you could trade
markets in 10 years. Who knows? I mean,
I'm sure you still will be able to. I
don't know if it'll be the same like if
you could do it like I mean as long as
decentralized exchanges are a thing
[music] it'll probably still be possible
as long as you pay your dang taxes the
government doesn't really care. That's
that's the thing. As long as you give
them what they what they want they don't
really care [music] you know.
Yeah. That was buoyant. That was
buoyant.
White wolf blue eyes.
That was buoyant.
Exactly. instead of playing guitar here
on the parents' basement as they were
fighting about losing the house. We
should have been out buying Bitcoin and
property. I know I was I was in my time
playing real guitar. I was wasting my
time playing real guitar. I got pretty
dang good at real guitar. I got actually
pretty good at real guitar, guys.
I was actually pretty good at real
guitar.
But all right, guys. You know, I have to
head out. I do cuz I got to hang out
with my kids. Wish I could stay. But God
bless you all in Jesus name. Hope you
have a wonderful evening. I hope we hit
65K
and I'll see you guys next time. Peace.